Initial copy for startSync (#197)
Rookout/docs: docs/sdk-setup.md

### start

```js
start(options={})
```

> The `start` is used to initlaize the SDK and recieves configuration using an `options` object. The method returns a promise that will resolve when the initial connection attempt to the debug controller succeeds or fails (either way, connection will be maintained and retried in the background). If you choose the set `throw_errors` true, the promise will be rejected on failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `start` method is used to initialize the SDK. Receives configuration using an `options` object and returns a promise that will resolve when the initial connection attempt to the debug controller succeeds or fails. Either way, connection will be maintained and retried in the background. If you set `throw_errors` to true, the promise will be rejected on failure.
```

| `labels` | `ROOKOUT_LABELS` | {} | A dictionary of key:value labels for your application instances. Use `k:v,k:v` format for environment variables |
| `tags` | `ROOKOUT_ROOK_TAGS` | [] | The list of tags you want for your application instances. Use *;* as a separator for environment variables |
| `host` | `ROOKOUT_AGENT_HOST` | None | If you are using a Rookout ETL Agent, this is the hostname for it |
| `port` | `ROOKOUT_AGENT_PORT` | None | If you are using a Rookout ETL Agent, this is the port for it |
| `debug` | `ROOKOUT_DEBUG` | False | Set to `True` to increase log level to debug |
| `throw_errors` | None | False | Set to `True` to reject the promsise or throw an exception if `start` fails (error message will not be printed in console) |
| `log_file` | `ROOKOUT_LOG_FILE` | None | Path to file to use for the SDK logs (default is `/var/log/rookout/node-rook.log`) |
| `log_level` | `ROOKOUT_LOG_LEVEL` | None | Control the SDK logging verbosity |
| `log_to_stderr` | `ROOKOUT_LOG_TO_STDERR` | False | Set to `True` to have the SDK log to stderr |

### startSync
```js
startSync(timeout=5000, options = {})
```

> The `startSync` method is used to initialize the SDK in a synchronous manenr using the `deasync` module and accepts the same `options` object as the `start` method. The method will return after the initial connection attempt to the debug controller succeeds or fails (either way, connection will be maintained and retried in the background) or when the timeout specified has been reached. If you choose the set `throw_errors` true, an exception will be thrown on failure.  

Reviewer: `manenr`
